---
layout: default
title: 0.19.5-0.20.5
parent: Patched
nav_order: 2
---

# Tricks Patched from 0.19.5 to 0.20.5
{: .no_toc }

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}

---

## Using the Force / Holding Props

Prop
{: .label .label-green }
Lantern Spell
{: .label .label-green }

> Credit: Jesse

{: .warning-title }
> Patch Implementation
>
> Switching props causes them to be put away.

This trick lets you hover a prop out in front of you! Others can see it and you can move it around using various stances (though emotes seem to just stick it into your neck. Ouch!). It will stay there until you switch props or go to a new level. This trick can also be done with any umbrella spell.

<div style="width:100%;height:0px;position:relative;padding-bottom:56.250%;"><iframe src="https://streamable.com/e/q918ln?loop=0" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="100%" allowfullscreen style="width:100%;height:100%;position:absolute;left:0px;top:0px;overflow:hidden;"></iframe></div>

1. Activate a lantern spell.
2. Take out the lantern.
3. Just after, cancel the lantern spell.

{: .note }
> The goal for this trick is to be taking out a holdable prop as your prop changes to one you normally can't hold.

---

## Rainbow Bridge

Rainbow Spell
{: .label .label-green }

{: .warning-title }
> Patch Implementation
>
> Tapping the prop placement button opens the "fine-tuning" placement GUI

Wait, but isn’t that an OOB location? Yep, but it’s also its own glitch, completely unrelated to the OOB location in Isle of Dawn. This trick lets you place a rainbow spell horizontally so that you can walk on it!

<div style="width:100%;height:0px;position:relative;padding-bottom:56.250%;"><iframe src="https://streamable.com/e/38ca6d?loop=0" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="100%" allowfullscreen style="width:100%;height:100%;position:absolute;left:0px;top:0px;overflow:hidden;"></iframe></div>

1. Initiate the rainbow spell.
2. Position your camera straight down.
3. Tap the rainbow icon quickly to place it down (use [graphics setting](../../terms-and-methods/#graphics-and-fps) 0 if you’re having trouble).

---

## Pushing Through Water

Friend
{: .label .label-green }
Table
{: .label .label-green }

> Credit: ForestOfLight

{: .highlight }
> This trick was not patched, but it is being retired from the guide because swimming has made it essentially useless.

This glitch can be used to much more actively control your position underwater than other underwater tricks. This glitch was previously able to be performed in the same way as with wind walls. However, it can be done much easier (and now faster) with the help of a friend. Careful in oil (water that depletes your light) though, it doesn’t stop hurting below the surface!

<div style="width:100%;height:0px;position:relative;padding-bottom:56.250%;"><iframe src="https://streamable.com/e/kvbpp0?loop=0" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="100%" allowfullscreen style="width:100%;height:100%;position:absolute;left:0px;top:0px;overflow:hidden;"></iframe></div>

1. Initiate an [table drive](../../movement/multi-player/#table-drive).
2. Drag your table as far as you can underwater.
3. Use the [midair table placement](../../movement/single-player/#midair-prop-placement) mechanic to place the table where you’d like to go by facing your camera in the desired direction. Be cautious not to have any placeable surfaces in the direction you’re facing.
4. Since it only moves you a little bit, repeat step 3 until you’re in whatever location you’d like! Careful not to tap any of the “hold hand” or “sit” buttons on-screen (your friend shouldn’t either).

{: .highlight }
> More friends can go for the ride by holding your hand before initiating the [table drive](../../movement/multi-player/#table-drive) or by sitting at the table like a normal [uber](../../clipping/#table-uber). The former is preferable because there are fewer buttons that can make the trick fail crowding up the screen. If that somehow doesn’t bother you, go ahead and take a whole server down.
